hi ladies today we're gonna be talking
about the felicity
by Renee of Paris now I've already taken
this wig out of its box to show you
exactly what to expect when you receive
it this color that I have here is copper
glaze which is our best-selling shade
for this wig now to keep this look in
place all day long I recommend using
hair you wear as aerosol hairspray go
ahead and just spray it on and run your
fingers through it and now it's ready to
wear now let's go ahead and take an
inside look at this wigs cap
construction to see what makes it
perfect for all day wear this cap
features a closed lace top here on the
sides you'll see that the ear tabs are
adjustable and this cap is an open
wefted construction on the sides and
back which allows air to come through
making this wig extremely lightweight
and breathable for all-day wear around
the back of the neck you'll notice two
adjustable straps which can be loosened
or tightened up to a half an inch
okay now for the fun part let's go ahead
and see what the felicity looks like on
this wig has a full side-swept bang if
you check out the sides ladies you'll
notice all the beautiful layers and the
ends are gonna be slightly flipped out
the back will come down right past the
shoulder blades so since this is a
longer style you've still got plenty of
styling options to find your shade just
reference Renae of Paris's color ring
shown on our website thank you all again
for watching the felicity by Rene of
Paris